feat: Apple Strings Catalog support added (blog + docs) (#841)
tolgee/documentation: platform/formats/apple_xcstrings.mdx

                  "value": "Já mám jednoho psa."
                }
              },
              "few": {
                "stringUnit": {
                  "state": "translated",
                  "value": "Já mám %lld psi."
                }
              },
              "other": {
                "stringUnit": {
                  "state": "translated",
                  "value": "Já mám %lld psů."
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    },
    "hello": {
      "en": {
        "stringUnit": {
          "state": "translated",
          "value": "Hello!"
        }
      },
      "localizations": {
        "cs": {
          "stringUnit": {
            "state": "translated",
            "value": "Ahoj!"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

We recommend using the semantic keys format as in the examples above. That enables you to change the base values without
modifying the key and doesn't suggest keeping the keys in sync with the base language translation.

import ApplePlaceholders from './components/_apple_placeholders.mdx';

<ApplePlaceholders />

import Importing from './components/_general_importing.mdx';

<Importing />

> # Usage with CLI

Author: ```suggestion
# Using with the CLI
```

> Apple xcstrings format is a bit different from other formats, because it contains all the languages in single file.

Author: ```suggestion
Apple String Catalog (.xcstrings) format differs slightly from other formats because it contains all the languages in a single file.

You will probably want to push only the base language (usually English) since translating other languages will happen in the Tolgee Platform. That's why we set the `push.languages` to `["en"]`, so Tolgee will ignore all other languages included in the `.xcstrings`.

For pulling, you usually want to use all the languages from the Tolgee platform, so we are keeping the default for the `pull` option.
```
